(Episode 37)
- I'll go to the ER. - Okay. See you later at the lobby.
Let's go.
- You should go with them. - But she's...
I only need to take her to the internal medicine doctor here.
You should go.
Nurse Pyo made a hard decision. You must be worried about her.
I'll leave her to you then.
Ma'am, shall we go inside?
- Okay. - Hang in there.
- Doctor Kwak. - Hello.
Nice to meet you. I'm Kim Tae Ho, the chief of Internal Medicine.
Nice to meet you too.
This is her, right? It must've been hard for her.
Let's test her blood first then get an x-ray.
Why isn't Mr. Chu here?
It's because he's in the ER.
Why?
Do you need to ask?
He's the patient's family. He should be with her.
Where else should he be?
No, what I mean is,
why is she still in the ER?
She should be moved to the ICU.
They might transfer her to a different hospital.
Transfer? Why would they move her to another hospital?
It's because there is no surgeon who can operate on her here.
Doctor Song is here.
Haven't you heard?
Doctor Song got fired from this hospital today.
So where is Doctor Song now?
She went to see the director for the final negotiation.
Final negotiation?
Transfer the patient to another hospital.
I want to save the patient, sir.
Remember the support that Doosung Group promised you.
Director Kim.
Have a seat here.
Let's talk privately...
without Doctor Song.
He can't just walk out like that, can he?
What else can he do?
Should he let Eun Jae operate and close his hospital?
What about Ms. Kim Sung Hee?
Without the surgery, she will die.
- Can you really not do it? - Do what?
The surgery. Can't you do it yourself?
I'm sorry.
Goodness, this is so frustrating.
- Where are you going? - To find the director.
- Are you going to convince him? - I don't know.
Darn it. Is there really no way?
Please let me do the surgery.
Director Kim will let me operate...
if you don't pressure him.
Do you...
want to operate that badly?
Of course.
You should do it then.
Are you giving me your approval?
I am...
but on one condition.
I'll gather up some reporters.
Just say a few things about the hospital ship.
Are you telling me to criticize it?
I'm not such a cold-hearted person.
You did work there...
even though it was just for a few months.
It wouldn't be right if you criticized it.
I just want you to point out one problem.
What is that problem?
Free medical treatment.
It's a big problem...
that the hospital ship treats patients for free.
"There should be no free treatments."
Just put emphasis on this.
I don't think your own opinion about this matter...
would be so different from mine.
Why do you think so?
11 years.
You spent 11 years of your life studying to get a medical degree.
That's not all.
From the day you became a doctor until today,
you've been stuck in the operating room,
not being able to eat or sleep properly to save people's lives.
You're providing that kind of great service for free?
That's absolute nonsense.
Chairman Jang.
We're living in a capitalistic society.
People have plenty of opportunities to make money.
So everyone should work hard, earn money,
and buy the things they need with that money.
Health care is not an exception, of course.
Especially, a competent doctor like you...
should sell your skills at a very high price.
- Don't you agree? - No.
I don't agree with you.
How so?
Do you think it's okay to provide it for free?
Of course.
You're a generous person.
Technically, I'm not the one you should compliment.
You're right.
You're a paid doctor hired by the city government.
So what are you saying?
Are you saying it's okay to ladle it out because it's tax?
That's not what I meant.
Why do the society and the country have to take care of...
those who have been lazy all their lives and became poor?
That's such a shameless thing to ask.
There are many people who are...
barely making a living although they've worked hard all their lives.
If they had worked hard, they wouldn't have become poor.
That's just an excuse.
I feel differently about it.
But even if everything you just said was true,
I still believe we should treat anyone who is sick,
even if he's lazy or poor,
without any conditions.
For free?
As much as we can.
I just realized that you're a bit foolish.
It sounds like you're overly idealistic.
That foolish idealism...
may be the thing that saved your son's life.
I saved the life of...
Jang Sung Ho who was in a car accident and needed immediate help.
I didn't save Jang Sung Ho who could pay me a lot of money...
for saving his life as Doosung Group's heir.
At the time,
there was nothing around him...
to hint of who he was.
What would've happened if I'd turned my back...
on him because of that?
If we operate on a patient whose identity is unknown...
and if that patient does not wake up,
we will not get paid a cent.
This happens in the ER all the time.
We're sometimes told not to...
operate on people who cannot pay.
If I had been...
sly and calculative at the scene of your son's accident,
then he likely...
would have died then and there.
Are you bragging about...
saving my son's life?
The second you sell health for a profit,
you could end up putting a price on a human life.
Doctor Song.
Are you naive, or are you pretending to be so?
Are all human lives worth the same?
Do you really believe so?
No.
Then what?
So many lives are not taken seriously.
That is why...
free medicine is needed even more.
Did you say the patient's name was Kim Sung Hee?
Yes.
Don't you want to save her?
Of course, I do.
Then show that you're willing to negotiate.
I am not willing to negotiate over a person's life.
We all have only one,
and therefore,
not even a deity...
can decide its worth.
I beg of you...
to make...
the right call.
Too bad.
The conversation is over.
You look tired, sir.
Not even a deity can decide the worth of a human life?
She's so obsessive and persistent.
She never gave in once. Goodness.
I'll send an acupressure therapist to your home.
No, no. Send her to my villa.
I'll take a long bath and rest.
Yes, sir. Right away.
Well?
What do you mean?
The OR's still closed?
Who won't let you operate?
Joon Young.
Jae Geol's dad?
- No. - Then who?
Doosung Group?
Jae Geol's dad is under their control?
Doctor Cha.
It's fine.
Don't beat around the bush, and just tell us.
Let's solve the issue.
(Fire and Rescue)
Full-body bruising and irregular breathing.
Are you conscious?
Straight to Zone A.
Do you know where you are?
- Let's swap. - Okay.
150 joules.
Clear.
1, 2.
2, 3, 4.
John Doe. John Doe.
It's a John Doe.
He's dead.
(Not paid)
We can't keep going if we treat patients...
who can't pay.
We'll have to close the ER.
Then what can we do, sir? We can't send away a patient that came in.
(Not paid)
[VIU Ver] Episode 37 Hospital Ship "We Each Have One Life"
-= Ruo Xi =-
What will...
happen to my wife now?
Doctor Song.
Are your children on their way?
I think...
you should call them.
Are you just...
going to give up?
Without even...
trying?
We won't give up.
Doctor Song.
You don't give up.
Director Kim.
The OR's open. Send her up.
I already called two anesthetists.
Doctor Myung will take the donor,
and Doctor Song will do the transplant, right?
Thank you.
Thank you, sir.
No.
I should apologize.
Go, and prepare for surgery.
Let's save the patient...
and then talk.
Yes, sir.
We'll send her over. You two should go and get ready.
Okay.
You don't have to say anything.
You always...
do your best for the patients.
I know that better than anyone.
So I'll...
trust you and wait.
Good luck.
Remember.
Don't think of anything else.
(NICU)
Are you sick?
You're so hot.
Your fever's... Ma'am.
Ma'am.
Oh no, In Kyung.
- Ma'am. - Oh no.
Wake up, ma'am.
What's going on?
Doctor Kwak, who is she?
She gave birth on our ship.
Oh, this is the mother?
Her breathing and pulse are fine.
- But... - But what?
She has a fever.
Ma'am, I'll take your temperature.
It's 38.5°C. That's quite high.
- Her BP? - 85 over 60.
That's too low.
Put her on a drip to prevent dehydration.
Do an alcohol massage to lower her temperature.
Okay.
So many things happened today.
Is this hospital's ER ever quiet?
That's true.
I hope it all works out for Doctor Song.
I don't even know what's right or wrong now.
Some patients change...
as soon as the surgery's over, and they think they're safe.
You can do it.
Can you do it?
It's hard to know.
- Are you afraid? - As always.
We have to do it.
- It's the fate of a surgeon. - Stay strong.
I'll help you as soon as I'm done.
Please take good care of Nurse Pyo.
What?
What did Song Eun Jae do?
Who told her to operate?
Who gave her the permission?
- Of course, it was... - Of course what?
Answer my question.
Don't treat me like a fool.
I'm sorry. I'll take action as soon as possible.
Please continue with your massage.
You arrogant punk.
Don't tell me what to do.
Are you looking down on me? Are you the chairman?
- Chairman Jang. - What's with that look?
Director Kim is here, sir.
I hear that...
you let something interesting happen.
It's more exciting than interesting.
Saving patients excites the doctors...
the most, sir.
(Geoje Jeil Hospital)
What is it?
It's the original memorandum of understanding from...
Geoje Jeil Hospital.
- What do you mean? - We'd like to...
terminate the memorandum of understanding between...
Doosung Group and the hospital.
Aren't you afraid of what may happen as a consequence?
Will you tear it yourself?
Or shall I get rid of it?
Find a way to destroy them.
Whether it's Song Eun Jae or Geoje Jeil Hospital,
destroy them completely.
We scheduled a press conference tomorrow.
What is it for?
We can always find something to criticize in any organization.
Though it's not a serious matter,
we made it possible for the hospital to seem immoral.
Won't you do something about Song Eun Jae?
Of course, we will.
We'll have reporters question Hwang In Kyung.
We'll play a video of a baby...
who is barely breathing with many tubes attached.
The press will be more criticizing of Song Eun Jae.
Hello, Director Kim.
- The operation is going well. - Yes.
Chairman Jang won't back down easily.
He'll try to threaten us.
Maybe the real war starts now.
What do you mean by war?
Isn't the memorandum of understanding destroyed?
Doosung Group hasn't invested anything in Geoje Jeil Hospital.
They'll think that we ruined their plan.
If the base hospital disappears,
remote medical service won't function.
It'll be frustrating for Doosung Group to earn money.
Will Jeil Hospital become enemies with Doosung Group?
It's like David and Goliath.
It's doomed.
Shouldn't we have a stone?
- A stone? - That's right.
We should shoot a slingshot like David.
Didn't I warn you, Jae Geol?
Use a simpler language.
Have you met Hwang In Kyung?
I don't mean an eye contact.
Have you questioned her thoroughly?
- You didn't, did you? - I tried.
- But? - Her baby is sick.
- Also... - Also what?
Today,
the mother is sick too.
You're so frustrating.
Hyun.
Listen to me carefully.
Honestly, it's where it all started.
Hwang In Kyung sued Dr. Song.
On the day that the press went after her,
all dangers took place.
How is it possible for a woman to start all this?
It's probably impossible. There's someone behind it.
- Who? - Do you mean Doosung Group?
That's most likely. Dr. Song told me about...
Lawyer Jo who defends Hwang In Kyung.
He specializes in labor laws, not medical malpractice.
He worked for Doosung Group when there was a strike.
They provided a lawyer.
They probably promised to pay her if things work out.
That's why...
she did this to the doctors who saved her child.
She accepted their offer.
- Jae Geol. - That's it.
- What do you mean? - It's the stone. Hey.
- Let's report it to the press. - We can't.
- Why not? - We don't have proof.
Did they have proof to sue Dr. Song?
- They're assuming too. - It's the wrong approach.
We're left with nothing if we lose the chance.
What if it isn't true?
What if everything we assume is wrong?
What will you do if we're wrong about everything?
Having a sick child is difficult enough for her.
We can't hurt the mother anymore.
Do you know how David won with a slingshot?
It was the right timing.
This is the right time.
Verifying the truth comes first.
Hwang In Kyung is also a patient now.
I'll talk to her once she gets better.
- Let me take care of it. - We don't have much time.
They might try to attack us tomorrow morning.
- I know. - Do you?
Do you really know?
Fine.
Give it a try.
This is the last time.
If your method doesn't work,
I'll do it my way.
(Emergency Medical Center)
There he is.
- You're here too. - I had an emergency call.
Have a cup of coffee. Dr. Lee bought it.
Thank you.
I heard that you're taking care of the baby's mother.
It's nothing.
All I did was bring her here from the corridor.
You're impressive, Dr. Kwak.
The guardian is so heartless.
How can you take such good care of the baby?
He's an angel.
Hello, Dr. Kim.
Han Sol? I'll be right there.
Doctor, what's wrong with Han Sol?
Go, and find out.
What happened?
Oxygen saturation is 85.
Capillary transit time is five seconds.
- Inject epinephrine, please. - Yes, doctor.
It's not working.
Doctor, the baby's heart rate is down to 60.
Oh, no. Starting compression.
- Doctor. - It's not working.
It's only tormenting the baby.
Let's put her on ECMO then.
That will help her.
Unfortunately, our hospital doesn't have ECMO.
We don't have it here?
That's right. To move her to the hospital that has it,
it'd take an hour and a half at least.
Do you think she can hold out for that long?
Do you think that's the best for her?
I'm sorry, but there is nothing more we can do.
We've done everything we can do by science.
Then...
why don't we try something else?
If we've done everything we can do by science,
we should...
try something we can do as humans.
Let's give it a try...
- and think of it as a prayer. - A prayer?
Doctor Kwak, you're not saying...
Please let me do it.
If there is something I can try until the end,
I want to try everything.
Please.
(Episode 38 will air shortly.)